autotools doc PR: No depends_on('m4') with depends_on('autoconf') (#26101)
LLNL/spack: lib/spack/docs/build_systems/autotoolspackage.rst

.. code-block:: console

   $ autoreconf --install --verbose --force -I <aclocal-prefix>/share/aclocal

In case you need to add more arguments, override ``autoreconf_extra_args``
in your ``package.py`` on class scope like this:

.. code-block:: python

   autoreconf_extra_args = ["-Im4"]

All you need to do is add a few Autotools dependencies to the package.
Most stable releases will come with a ``configure`` script, but if you
check out a commit from the ``master`` branch, you would want to add:

.. code-block:: python

   depends_on('autoconf', type='build', when='@master')
   depends_on('automake', type='build', when='@master')
   depends_on('libtool',  type='build', when='@master')

> When the package has ``autoconf`` as dependenency, and ``m4`` is only used
> as the script interpreter of ``autoconf`` and not for other purposes, it
> does not have to be listed explicitly and can be removedd as it is not needed.

Reviewer: This sentence is still here though, I'm not very attached to my opinion about removing it. But in this sentence it's somwhat ambiguous what "it" refers to, m4 or autoconf. How about:

```suggestion
It is typically redundant to list the ``m4`` macro processor package as a
dependency, since ``autoconf`` already depends on it.
```

Author: @haampie  Applied your suggestion, thanks!

> It is typically redundant to list the ``m4`` macro processor package as a
dependency, since ``autoconf`` already depends on it.

.. code-block:: console

   $ autoreconf --install --verbose --force -I <aclocal-prefix>/share/aclocal

In case you need to add more arguments, override ``autoreconf_extra_args``
in your ``package.py`` on class scope like this:

.. code-block:: python

   autoreconf_extra_args = ["-Im4"]

All you need to do is add a few Autotools dependencies to the package.
Most stable releases will come with a ``configure`` script, but if you
check out a commit from the ``master`` branch, you would want to add:

.. code-block:: python

   depends_on('autoconf', type='build', when='@master')
   depends_on('automake', type='build', when='@master')
   depends_on('libtool',  type='build', when='@master')

> When the package has ``autoconf`` as dependenency, and ``m4`` is only used
> as the script interpreter of ``autoconf`` and not for other purposes, it
> does not have to be listed explicitly and can be removedd as it is not needed.
> Spack versions 0.16.x and lower may wrongly terminate their autoreconf phase
> if it is not listed as an explicit dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think we can skip this and target the docs to (new) users of the current version of Spack. In fact `m4` is not mentioned anywhere in this page (well, except in the `autoreconf_extra_args` example). If people add `m4` anyways we can catch it during review of their PR.

Author: @haampie Done, rebased to develop and now it is only a doc PR. Removed the other labels. Ready for review.
